Q: What is the default branch of a git repository called?
A: master

Q: How do you change branches using git?
A: git checkout <branch name>

Q: What is the command that allows you to create a local repository from a remote repository?
A: git clone <Link of remote repository>

Q: How do you check the status of the working directory of the local repository?
A: git status

Q: What sequence of commands allows me to share new changes in a local repository with an (already configured) remote repository?
A: git add . ; git commit -m "Comment on changes" ; git push

Q: What is the value of the expression (true && false)?
A: false

Q: How can you write `i = i + 1` more concisely?
A: i++

Q: What does the term "concatenation" mean?
A: Adding several strings to one string, e.g. String concatenatedString = "String1" + "String2" + "String3"

Q: Why is the check for "equals" with (object == object) not reliable? What should you use for check of equal objects?
A: The "==" operation compares the references of the objects. To compare the content of objects there exist "equal" methods, e.g. string1.equals(string2).

Q: What Collection implementation is ordered, but not sorted?
A: e.g. ArrayList or generally List

Q: What Collection implementation has only unique elements?
A: all Set collections, e.g. HashSet

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of an array named "students"?
A: students.length

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of a list named "students"?
A: students.size()

Q: In Java, what happens if I divide by Zero (eg. 8 / 0)?
A: I've got an exception: Exception java.lang.ArithmeticException: / by zero

Q: How can you check if File quiz = new File("quiz.txt") exists?
A: quiz.exists()

Q: Depending on some attributes, an object should return isAllowed(). Should the method be static or not, why?
A: If the method calculates the result only from the given attributes, then it can be static. Then the method is independent of any object and changes no state.

Q: What is the signature of the `main` method of a class?
A: public static void main(String[])

Q: What is an instance of a class?
A: It is an object of the class with its own member variables that is created with a constructor and stored in computer memory.

Q: Which naming rule should you apply to the naming of a class?
A: Class names should start with a capital letter and should be stored in there own java file with the same name.

Q: Why should the usage of java.util.Date be avoided?
A: It is outdated and java documentation says: "As of JDK 1.1, the Calendar class should be used to convert between dates and time fields and the DateFormat class should be used to format and parse date strings."

Q: What Java class do you use to store the Date "31.10.2021"?
A: Calendar c = new GregorianCalendar(2021, 10 - 1, 31);

Q: What is the advantage of using Generics?
A: You can specify the type of the objects that are stored in a collection more precisely.
You get compile time errors if the types doesn't match and this prevents later runtime errors.
